Previously on Dexter...
Ryan. this fucker quit on me.
Don't suppose you know a
spot that can fix this.
Shauna. are you okay?
Get the bitch out
of here if you want.
There's always more.
No. no. no. no!
Wow. it's like seeing a ghost.
I know what you mean.
We have a serial killer
who's taking out
ride share drivers.
They call him the
Dark Passenger.
-The what?
-You want to
-go after that serial killer.
-He stole my name.
You met the Dark Passenger.
Can I show you the video?
It's a camera-shy hoodie.
The hood has infrared lights.
washes everything out.
-Are you him?
-Who?
The guy who broke
into my apartment
and left the invitation
with all my trophies.
I'm here because of
all the innocent
people you killed.
"You are cordially
invited to a dinner party
"for like-minded
individuals who share
similar passions."
There's only room in this world
for one Dark Passenger.
No!
♪ Intriguing music ♪
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
What do you think?
I don't think you should go.
I meant about the outfit.
It could be a trap.
We used to bait suspects
like that all the time.
Red said this was with his
bloody driver's licenses.
The police would
have arrested him.
not left him a
secret admirer note.
Come on.
"Trophies." "similar passions."
"like-minded individuals."
It's a dinner party
for serial killers.
An all-you-can-eat buffet
for the Dark Passenger.
What if they don't
believe you're Red?
Red didn't leave
much to believe in.
There's no pictures here.
no online presence.
Every time he went outside.
he wore all of this.
It says "thumbprint
required for entry"
but it didn't say
it has to be mine.
Oh. who's got a fake
print and passes for Red?
This guy.
I just need one
of Red's trophies.
I can't stop you
from going. son.
but I can urge
you to be careful.
I'm tired of being careful.
There's only been one other
known serial killer meet-up.
The Pig Farmer.
Supposedly had
other serial killers
out to his farm in
the Pacific Northwest.
For a grotesque orgy
of sex and carnage.
What if it's like that?
What if they want to kill
together? What if they want...
Okay. your 20
questions are over.
I promise. if this is
too good to be true...
...I'll be prepared.
I-I... Is-is that the face
you plan to wear
out in public today?
What?
This is a tip killer.
You got to work on your
customer service face.
Okay.
Eyes wide open.
Big. closed-mouth smile.
Slight head tilt so they
know you're really listening.
-You know...
-Mm.
...the opposite of
whatever this is.
Is this what they're teaching
you at hospitality classes?
Oh. hell no.
Learned this in
the mean corridors
of our very luxury hotel.
Sorry. Um. I-I got to get this.
Mm.
-Hello?
-Hello. this is
Quentin's Jewelry Repair.
Your watch is ready.
This fucker quit on me.
Don't suppose you know
a spot that can fix this?
-Hello?
-Uh...
uh. yeah. I'm. um...
I'm actually. I'm
tied up at work.
Oh. no problem.
I'll have someone drop it off.
What's the guest's name?
Uh. uh. no. uh. you know.
I-I can come get it.
Um. I'll come get it.
♪ Ominous music playing ♪
Red worked so hard to
stay in the shadows.
Unrecognized. unseen.
Did he ever regret
our lonely path?
Ronald Schmidt?
Call me Red.
Passed.
Not on your life. Up front.
This isn't a UrCar.
Mr. Dark Passenger.
Looks like someone
came prepared.
So...
are you the friend?
No.
I just left the invitation.
What'd you think
when you found it
in your Sorcery card binder?
I was spooked at first.
Almost left town.
But the money was nice.
Money always changes everything.
So. how'd you figure
out it was me?
You were a tricky one.
Not a single photo online.
But I have my ways.
Only took me three weeks.
Only took me three days.
Impressive.
-Hmm.
-So. can you
give me any heads-up
about this meeting?
Nope.
♪ I'm unbreakable. my
mind is made of Teflon ♪
♪ I'm unshakeable ♪
♪ I'll spare you.
man. you're welcome ♪
♪ If you press me. you gonna
learn about these hands. son ♪
♪ Fighting battles in the
night till the storm comes ♪
♪ Yeah. you know I chase
you hot in your face ♪
♪ With all this power.
you better embrace it ♪
♪ I got the power ♪
♪ Got the power. got the power ♪
♪ I got the power. got
the power. got the ♪
♪ Who want the smoke? ♪
♪ You got it. hands down ♪
♪ We leave the piece. you
leaving light's out. yeah ♪
♪ Foreboding music ♪
Time to put my DIY
thumbprint to the test.
Not so fast.
Spread 'em.
There's a box cutter in my sock.
I didn't know what
I was walking into.
Still don't. actually.
I would have brought
a bottle of wine.
but the invitation
said "trophy."
It's sweaty.
♪ "Badoom" by Scrounge playing ♪
"Red" is in.
But what has he
gotten himself in to?
♪ To the beat of the drums ♪
♪ It goes badoom.
badoom. badoom ♪
♪ Badoom. badoom. badoom ♪
Definitely not a pig farm.
Time to meet the
man of the manor.
Ronald Schmidt.
Welcome.
Not exactly the "man of
the manor" I expected.
He prefers "Red."
Red. Oh.
I cannot express how
excited I am to meet you.
Leon Prater. Mm.
And I see you've met Charley.
-Yeah. I have.
-Yeah.
-She's very...
-Direct. I know.
I couldn't survive without her.
I am
so thrilled you
accepted my invitation.
I didn't know what to expect.
given your elusive identity.
It is so wonderful to finally
match the name with the face.
Here it is.
My face.
It certainly is.
I've been hosting this
gathering for years.
I know how unnerving it
can be for someone like you
to be found. but your
secrets are safe with me.
This is a safe space
for people like you.
"Like you?"
Are you not... like me?
Me? Oh.
Goodness. no. I am
just a huge fan.
I couldn't presume
to have the skill set
or imagination to do what
you and the others do.
So. there are others?
On their way.
♪ Dramatic music ♪
Come. I... I like a
little one-on-one time
with my new friends. before
the night escapes us.
Let me show you around.
So. what is it you do?
Wow.
You really are
that off the grid.
Computer repair leaves
little time for news.
I wear many hats.
Most days. I'm a
venture capitalist.
focused on incubating
and curating start-ups.
-Fancy.
-Mm. at the end of the day.
all I really do is bring
the best. most passionate
people together.
I'll take my leave
of you gentlemen.
Charley
does not...
appreciate what I'm
about to show you.
Press that button.
♪ Eerie music ♪
I want to show you
one of my dearest passions.
Clowns?
Pogo the clown.
♪ Ominous music ♪
Oh.
John Wayne Gacy.
Holy shit.
You really like serial killers.
I pride myself on finding
the best of the best
in every field.
so why not death?
Death is such a natural.
necessary part of life.
Every second.
millions of cells die.
shedding diseased
parts of ourselves
to make room for new cells.
Rebirth. Growth.
Life.
A million little deaths
that keep us healthy.
This was the New York Ripper's.
A man who terrorized
the streets I once
played on as a child.
Highly prolific.
Never caught.
Must be nice.
This memorabilia.
these trophies.
Harry would have
found it disgusting.
But here. they're celebrated.
Arthur Mitchell.
The infamous Trinity Killer.
♪ Oh. Venus ♪
Which was actually a
misnomer. Did you know that
-he killed in fours?
-Killed in fours.
You don't say?
Bought those from an FBI
agent with a gambling problem.
♪ Dramatic music ♪
I've missed you. friends.
-Please don't touch.
-Sorry.
It's quite a collection.
An ever-expanding collection.
That is the table where
the Ice Truck Killer
took his own life.
Tragic. I know.
Maybe if Brian Moser
had someone to talk to.
someone like himself. he
would still be with us today.
Doubtful.
A gift from one of
my guests. Rapunzel.
-You'll meet him tonight.
-Great. I get to
-meet ponytail guy.
-And over here
is someone else
you'll meet tonight.
-Is that...
-Severed tattoo sleeve
from the Tattoo Collector.
I've set aside a spot for you.
That is. if you're willing
to part with a trophy.
Right.
The trophy.
Tyler Day.
Your first.
I am honored.
I'm surprised you keep
all this evidence around.
Are all your other
guests okay with it?
They trust me.
And five inches
of solid steel behind
this limestone.
And if anyone were to
put in the wrong code.
just once...
Charley will take care
of the problem.
Just a demonstration.
Tell security
-to stand down.
-Understood.
Like I said.
-your secrets are safe with me.
-Stand down.
I know it takes
one to know one.
but this guy's fucking nuts.
Oh.
Mia's here.
Thank you. Charley.
You're going to love Mia.
Time to see what's
on the buffet.
'82 Château Lafite.
'90 Romanée-Conti.
Mm. Someone has really
stepped up their wine game.
A certain renowned sommelier
gave me some pointers.
I'm glad I'm earning my keep.
You haven't seen the best yet.
Shut up.
Whispering Oaks.
1883.
It's been breathing
for half an hour.
Ooh la la.
You sure know how to
show a girl a good time.
And who is the new guy?
Mm. This is Red.
best known as the
Dark Passenger.
Ah. yes.
A star in the headlines lately.
Don't believe
everything you read.
Red.
I assume you're familiar
with Mia's work.
Widely known as Lady Vengeance.
as she's notorious for
taking out sexual predators.
Predators?
Does she have a Code?
Nice to meet you.
I have work to do here.
I will leave you two to chat.
Care for a glass.
Mr. Passenger?
Call me Red.
I'm still getting used to
the "Dark Passenger" thing.
Yes.
The press's fixation
with nicknames is absurd.
"Lady Vengeance"?
If I were a guy. I wouldn't
be "Sir Vengeance."
Grab a couple.
This is getting
better and better.
The man loves liberty. huh?
Prater somehow got his hands on
Frédéric Auguste
Bartholdi's original model.
Showy as fuck. yeah?
But it's not about
freedom or liberty.
Prater likes to own things.
And people.
To rich people
and the wine they collect.
You're drinking it wrong.
Didn't know there was a
right way to drink something.
Well. first of all.
did you like it?
It was fine.
The key to enjoying wine
is understanding it.
The glass you're drinking
was bottled while
Mark Twain was alive.
Its very existence is a miracle.
-Huh.
-Now.
try again.
but take your time.
Well. what do you think?
It's pretty tasty.
Better be. Bottle
cost 4.000 bucks.
So. master sommelier by day.
Lady Vengeance by night?
I'm a real Renaissance woman.
Oh. you scored a goal?
Oh. that's great. sweetie.
Okay. listen. I got to go.
so to love you and
Mom. okay? All right.
Bye.
Mama Mia!
♪ Here we go again ♪
-Oh. look at you.
-Hi. honey.
Oh. my gosh.
This feels more
like a class reunion
than a dinner with killers.
Al. meet Red.
Hey.
Get in here. big guy.
Oh. yeah.
Ah. Look at you.
-So. you have a kid?
-Oh. yeah.
I got a whole litter of 'em.
Actually. the last
time I saw you. I think
-Bonnie was still pregnant.
-Mm.
Yep. Our sweet angel Mabel
was born last July.
-Every day has been a gift.
-This guy
has a thriving family?
My son doesn't even
know I'm alive.
Aw. Babies that cute
make me wish I had one.
But then I remember that
-they shit their pants. so...
-Yeah.
They do shit a lot. yeah.
So. how do you
have space for both
family and... this?
I got to admit. I feel guilty
when I leave. but these
little business trips
are good for me
and the family.
Gives me a chance
to take care of my
needs so I can better
show up for my family.
It's not selfish.
It's self-care.
Like the flight
attendant says.
affix your own mask first.
Plus. my wife enjoys
the hefty Prater bonus.
But the best thing is
the time I get to spend
with this group. You
know. it's not-it's not
natural for people
like us to gather.
You saw the vault.
Yeah.
Yeah. I'm the. uh...
I'm the ponytail guy.
You know. I just never
knew there'd be a place
where we could
belong. believe...
become. Right?
Me neither.
What up. Rapunzel.
you big tub of shit?
-How are you? Oh.
-Uh. good.
Okay. Hey. Mia.
you know you want to.
Fist bump. Okay. Hey.
Heard there may be a new guy.
Welcome to the freak show.
No place I'd rather be.
♪ I don't got a reason to lie ♪
♪ They gave me the
key to the sky ♪
♪ But I'd rather open my eyes ♪
♪ 'Cause that's what'll
keep me alive... ♪
Yo. yo. Postmates?
♪ Please do not fuck up my day ♪
Shit.
Yeah. I need to speak
with Jim Lindsay.
Who?
Jim Lindsay. the owner of
the blue and white truck
across the street.
Nah. that's mine.
I just bought it.
From Jim?
No. My buddy Harrison.
♪ Pensive music ♪
Harrison Morgan?
Do you send them away or do
you sharpen them yourself?
No. no. I got a stone.
I've got a disc. I've
got a belt grinder
in my shop that I can just
kind of whip it around.
-Oh. you can do it yourself?
-Oh. yeah. it's very easy.
Apologies.
I had trouble
attaining a ride share.
You have anything to
do with that. Red?
Gareth!
He's the Gemini Killer.
Hey. buddy. catch
us up on your year.
I'd rather not.
Oh. Gare-bear. my guy. try
not to be such a stereotype.
Meet the guy voted
"most likely to become
a serial killer" in his
high school yearbook.
Well. truth be
told. I was a bit
peculiar back then. too. so...
-Guilty.
-Oh. for sure.
I felt like an alien.
Because I wanted to kill people.
-Yep. yep.
-Yeah. yeah.
I like you.
-Right off the bat.
-I kind of do too.
Nice to see you. buddy.
-It is...
-Excuse me.
-Yeah.
-Please.
Really cuts to the chase.
It's nice to be able to talk
freely. you know what I mean?
Well. it felt good
to hear it out loud.
If I didn't know any
better. I'd think
I was watching some
kind of boogeyman club.
You're still gonna
kill these guys. right?
I don't even have
concrete proof.
Remember that whole Code
thing you taught me?
I also taught you not
to play with your food.
Dinner is served.
-Let's roll.
-Wonderful.
Hey. sit by me. sit by me.
-Do we know what's on the menu?
-Yes.
♪ Classical piano music ♪
-This'll do.
-Nice. look at this.
Is. uh. Keith coming?
He won't be joining us.
We have one rule here.
Never turn on the group.
Unfortunately. Keith
chose not to abide by it.
My rules are made
for your safety.
not your punishment.
The Canton Clubber's bat
will join my collection.
As he no longer
has any use for it.
Huh. So. this buffet
can bite back.
But on the bright side.
we still have
so much to be thankful for.
Welcome. Red.
We're so grateful
to have you here.
To new friends.
Thank you for letting me in.
All right. let's eat before
these get... get cold.
I guess we. uh.
each just take one?
-Stern. or...
-Okay.
Would you like some salad?
-Oh. rosemary.
-Mmm. mmm. mmm.
Pan-seared cauliflower.
With Japanese turnip medallions
in a sweet potato puree.
Charley found the vegan products
and cookbooks in your apartment.
-Oh.
-Good news.
There's more where
that came from.
I'm glad I didn't have lunch.
These are prime
for sure. no doubt.
What's happening?
Time for the highlight
of the evening.
Take it away. Lowell.
Let's show and tell. baby.
So I wanted to try something new
this go-around. something fun.
So I've put together
a little multimedia
presentation for y'all.
Oh. no. are we about to watch
a vacation slides how?
If he plays a
vacation slides how.
permission to light
myself on fire.
So tonight I'm
letting you all in
on my process.
As most of you know.
I've always had
a deep connection to tattoos.
Yeah. he does.
And lately.
this artist has been
doing some real
interesting work.
See. it's about
the right piece
on the right person.
♪ Menacing music ♪
This is Jules.
I've been following her journey
for weeks now.
If this motherfucker ever
tried his shit on me.
I would make him eat
his own eyeballs.
Her...
15-year-old dog
recently passed.
Aw. poor pooch.
And so Jules...
decided to get some new ink
in his memory.
Wow.
Internet stalking?
Back in my day you had to
actually leave the house.
I knew this was my next piece
the moment I laid eyes on it.
And what happens next...
...is inevitable.
"Inevitable"?
Because I can't stop it.
I feel the pressure rise.
becomes so intense...
...it's dizzying...
...unstoppable.
I know the feeling.
I call it "the Itch."
"The Need."
"The Great Yearning."
"The Urge."
So where's the tattoo?
It's coming.
Jules still has a
few sessions to go.
Great art takes time.
But I promise...
...before I leave this town...
...she will be mine.
Congrats. Lowell.
You just made the
top of my list.
You've never had
a trophy so fresh.
Great work. Lowell.
Thank you for letting
us into your process.
Red?
Didn't want to call you out
your first night. but. uh.
the money with your invitation
was an advance for
a show and tell.
I hope you'll feel
comfortable sharing next time.
There'll be more of these?
Of course.
So many events coming
in the next two weeks.
I have so much planned.
So do I.
Ea. diablo.
Harrison?
Harrison Morgan?
Angel Batista.
I used to work with your
pops in Miami Metro.
Y... Uh. yeah. I'm-I'm sorry.
it-it d-doesn't ring a bell.
My sister Jamie babysat you.
Wh... Jamie?
Wh... Sh...
She used to read the hell
out of a bedtime story.
How is she?
Well. she finally
finished her PhD.
She's a middle
school principal now.
Good for her.
Come sit. have a drink with me.
I-I should probably clock in.
Isn't part of your job
tending to customers?
-Yeah. that's a good point.
-Come on.
The last time I saw you
was your fourth birthday.
I got you a red train set.
I loved that train set.
So you-you were
close with my dad?
Worked with him 20 years.
Went through a lot together.
-Like what?
-He was the witness
at my wedding.
My ex. María. also
worked at the station.
so we had to do it on the QT
to protect our jobs.
Pulled your dad in
the last minute.
Guy barely even knew
what was happening.
Yeah. that-that sounds like him.
Your dad is actually the reason
I was in Iron Lake
a few weeks ago.
S-So you heard the news?
That he was shot and killed.
♪ Mysterious music ♪
Sorry for your loss.
I heard you were
in Iron Lake. too.
-Left in a hurry.
-Yeah.
I went up there to find my dad.
Hadn't seen him in years.
Turns out he wasn't
the dad I needed.
And when everything
blew up. I split.
Sorry Dexter wasn't the
guy you thought he was.
I actually had a
similar experience.
-With your dad?
-With yours.
I'm not running into
you by chance. am I?
Did Dexter ever share anything
about his past with you?
About why he left Miami?
I should probably
get back to work.
My ex-wife had this theory.
One that's haunted me for years.
That your dad...
...was the infamous
serial killer.
the Bay Harbor Butcher.
-What?
-I get this
must be overwhelming.
But if you know anything.
you can tell me.
Your dad's gone.
Nothing you say can hurt him.
I don't know what
you're talking about.
Please.
I need the closure.
I wish I could help.
Good luck.
I'm in the city a few more days
if you want to talk.
Still got to work on that
customer service face.
Excuse me. but if you
think Harrison had
anything to do
with that murder...
What murder?
Ryan Foster.
He stayed here.
The-the guy who was found
chopped up in garbage bags
by the trash docks.
Ah. if I could get
this thing to work.
And it's sideways. there
we go. there she is.
Mm.
Yep. yep. we had our sweet
angel Mabel.
sweet angel. last July.
Yeah. it's been a gift each day.
Caught you.
Sorry. I was just. um...
Internet-stalking me?
It's cool.
I tried looking you up as well.
You did?
Didn't find anything.
So mysterious.
It's annoying. right?
Very.
Top me off.
Ms. Sum-ah-lee-air?
Perfect.
Ooh. someone got new ink.
I'm not one of your
pervy art pieces.
Okay. okay. Okay. okay.
Careful with this one. Red.
I... That's why I take my
anger out for a drive...
Lowell needs to learn
about boundaries.
You're an effective teacher.
So...
...what is your origin story?
Let me guess.
Terrible mother?
I actually had a great mom.
Interesting.
I assumed mommy issues
were a given in this crew.
Take one guess how Al's
mother wore her hair.
How many is that for you?
-Glasses?
-Yeah.
-Four.
-I count six.
I'm not immune to mommy issues.
Mine just come from
how I lost her.
What is all this?
You mean. besides the
money and the bougie wine?
What is Prater
getting out of it?
How about we talk tomorrow?
Just the two of us?
I could do that.
Phones so you can
communicate with the group
over the next two weeks.
-Hat.
-Thank you.
Thank you. everyone.
for joining me this evening.
It's been lovely catching up.
Charley will be in touch
regarding our next gathering.
And in the meantime.
go and enjoy the city.
It has so much to offer.
Hey. you know what. I'm gonna
start a group chat so we can.
uh. stay in touch.
maybe. maybe get a tour
of Ellis Island or
something. huh? Yeah.
Sound good?
Thank you.
See you.
It was nice meeting you.
Text me.
By next meeting. a trophy.
Bye.
Uh... thank you.
For everything.
I...
said things tonight that
I've never been able
to express out loud before.
Well. that's what these
gatherings are for.
So people like you
know you're not alone.
I didn't realize it
was something I needed.
There's a lot of power
in sharing your story.
Just wait for your
show-and-tell.
Yeah. about that.
Do I need to make a
whole presentation?
Oh. no. nothing so elaborate.
We just want to know
the real Dark Passenger.
That raw animal
aggression it takes
to saw another man's head off.
Right.
I'm sure you'll come up
with something great.
Looking forward to it.
That went exceptionally
well. don't you think?
If you say so.
I've always considered
myself a lone wolf.
Howling into the void.
But after tonight...
I can hear others
howling back to me.
-One chili dog. please.
-You got it.
-Actually. make it two.
-Mm-hmm.
-There you go.
-Enjoy.
Thanks.
♪ Contemplative music ♪
How does the charity gala guy
still do what he
does with all of us?
Busy man.
♪ haunting music ♪
Everything okay?
I think I just need
to be around a friend.
Uh. yeah.
Hopscotch.
-Oh. uh...
-Butterscotch.
These are good people.
But they're not my people.
♪ Contemplative music ♪
I've run to and
from serial killers.
Never with one.
It is crazy how one hair flip
will. will make up
for a bad lip sync.
Mm. that was a tame one.
Just wait till somebody
pulls out the splits.
Mm-mm.
Mm. I should...
I should probably
head out. Um...
I don't want to fall
asleep on the train again.
The trains are so
janky this late.
Do you want to just
crash on the couch?
You sure?
Yeah. Yeah. yeah. thanks.
You always make me feel
really at home here.
You're always welcome.
I mean it.
Harrison.
-I. no. um...
-Fuck. Oh. my God.
-I'm so sorry. um...
-No. no. don't be.
-Fuck.
-We're friends. and you are
a really great guy.
but I know you're going
-through something.
-I'm an idiot. and. um...
-And I'm really sorry. and I...
-And I-I got to go.
No. I... Fuck.
Fuck.
♪ It falls apart ♪
♪ We all got work to do ♪
I fuck everything up.
-♪ She's leaving ♪
-♪ It falls apart ♪
-♪ We all got work to do ♪
-♪ You ♪
-Hi. How are you?
-I'm good. Thank you very much.
♪ She's leaving ♪
Thank you.
Have a good day.
♪ You ♪
He looks tired.
He's smiling.
He was probably out late
with his friends last night.
How would you know?
You were too busy
being out with yours.
Give me a break.
The last time I was at a
dinner party was at my wedding.
I can't take care of my son if
I don't take care of myself.
So now you're getting life
advice from ponytail trophy guy?
Dex. if you want
real connection.
that's where you
should be looking.
Yeah. I tried.
He shot me.
Never thought I'd
get another chance
to be open with
someone like that.
Until last night.
Those aren't your friends.
They're supposed
to be your victims.
I'm gonna do it. Dad. I'm
just being smart about it.
Smart or stalling
because you like these people?
If they start
disappearing one by one.
how's that gonna
look for the new guy?
Best to wait until
the meetings are over.
That works fine for
most of your new pals.
But explain that to the
woman who's gonna get
her arm de-sleeved
before Lowell leaves town.
-That is a complication.
-Yeah.
And so is your date
with Lady Vengeance.
It's not a date. it's a...
fact-finding mission.
I haven't forgotten
why I'm here.
The fuck?
It's not even 11.
Uh. sorry. I forgot
you're on vacation.
Would you maybe want
to meet up sometime?
Would love to hear
more about your...
skins.
Yeah. sure.
I'm not much of a day guy.
-so can we say happy hour?
-Perfect.
Just text me where to...
See?
And I still have
time to fit in a jog.
So. you run every day?
Got to stay in shape.
Not all of us get
to do our thing
by sitting in the
backseat of a car.
So. when's a good time
to talk about Prater?
Fire away.
I'll answer any questions
for as long as you can keep up.
How many of Prater's
gatherings have you been to?
This is my fourth year.
But they started a
few years before that.
Four years? You must enjoy it.
I enjoy the money.
Is Prater really just a fan?
I mean. the guy's a voyeur.
He's a vampire.
He wants all the dirty details.
But. no. I don't think he's
actually a killer himself.
Do you want a water?
I want a water.
Two waters.
Six dollars.
Thanks.
Thank you.
And there's really no catch?
As long as you don't
break any of his rules.
Mm.
So. breaking rules.
Is that what happened
with that Keith guy
-Prater was talking about?
-Yep.
It appears the Canton Clubber
is no more.
That happen often.
people breaking rules?
Well. not everybody
gets invited back.
if that's what you're asking.
One guy got uninvited.
Another got arrested.
And then his first
night in jail.
he committed suicide.
Allegedly.
So...
where'd you grow up?
All over.
Mom was always looking
for something new.
Someone new.
The longest stay was in Tulsa.
Mm.
I drove through there once.
Then you know there's
shit-all to do.
Not that I gave it a chance.
I was a loner.
Other than my
younger sister Hazel.
She was an angel.
I...
was...
not.
When did you know you were...
...different?
Always.
In the first grade there
was this bowl-cut kid
who annoyed me.
so I hit him in the head
with my library book
and I stuck thumbtacks
into his face.
If I had normal parents
who believed in therapy.
maybe I would have
been diagnosed
with some fancy
personality disorder.
Instead. they told me to "stop
being so angry all the time."
I almost stabbed a kid on
a basketball court once.
My dad stopped me.
He tried to help.
Best he could.
When I was 15. I found ballet.
It is a punishing practice.
Gave me a release for
all that pent-up rage.
And I was good enough
that I got into a dance
academy out of town.
Away from my mother's
new boyfriend.
The way that creep looked at me.
But you got out of there.
I did.
Hazel didn't.
I thought she was too young.
And when I came
back for the summer.
I found out.
And I killed the guy.
And I got to tell you.
Much better release
than the ballet.
I'll never forget how
my first time felt.
Like a path had finally
opened up for me.
Are you hungry?
-Always.
-My Airbnb is a few blocks away.
Do you want to come over?
I'd love to. but...
Come on.
I have incredible pastries.
And I love a good reward
after the end of a run.
Oh. this is the vegan one.
It's kale.
Thanks for remembering.
Did this come with the place?
See for yourself.
♪ Intriguing music ♪
Is this...
My collection.
I can still remember
all of their faces.
The look in their eyes
right before I killed them.
It's nice.
Being able to remember.
I...
I'm gonna take a quick shower.
Okay.
There's an Italian espresso
maker in the kitchen.
Help yourself.
Okay.
Showering with a serial killer?
Not exactly part of the Code.
Remember happy hour with Lowell.
Uh. something just came up.
What?
Thanks for the run.
Hey.
Sorry I'm late.
Next round's on me.
-What are you drinking?
-Yo. can I take a rain check?
I kinda got to...
-get ready.
-For what?
I thought it'd take
more sessions. but her
pain tolerance is crazy.
You mean...
Yep.
Tonight's the night. baby.
Good thing I came prepared.
Check it out.
My day job's anesthesiology.
But it helps in
my nightlife. too.
My next piece will be ready
in about two hours.
And then she'll be
walking back to her place
a few blocks away.
In the dark.
So. if you'll excuse me.
I kinda have to get in the zone.
I love talking shop. but...
this next piece is
more of a "me" thing
than a "we" thing.
-You get it.
-Uh. yeah.
I couldn't imagine doing
this with someone else.
Shit. Lowell is ready.
and I'm not.
I didn't bring my tools.
♪ Thrilling music ♪
Great. it'll only
take me two hours
to get to Queens.
Fucking New York City.
♪ "Stayin' Alive" by
the Bee Gees playing ♪
♪ Life goin' nowhere ♪
♪ Somebody help me ♪
♪ Somebody help me. yeah ♪
♪ Life goin' nowhere... ♪
Still stuck on Harrison Morgan?
Sleeping at the hotel
where the crime took place.
Hardly an alibi.
You really think a kid
that young is capable
of a crime that sophisticated?
I will admit it is unlikely.
We must be missing something.
I just need to take a
step back. recalibrate.
Start from the top and
look at everything anew.
I've seen you fixate
like this before.
It almost cost you your job.
Claude. please don't make this
another New York Ripper.
I have no plans to obsess.
Balance is important.
In fact. I have taken on an
extracurricular endeavor.
A series of speaking
engagements.
Oh. yeah? What about?
The New York Ripper.
Detective Wallace?
How can we help you?
Angel Batista. Miami Homicide.
I heard about the body you found
cut into nine pieces.
I once worked a case in Miami
that was eerily similar.
Was never sure we
caught the right guy.
You mind if I pick
your brain a minute?
♪ Intriguing music ♪
How much time do you have?
As much as you're
willing to give.
♪ "They Want Blood"
by Dogmuscle playing ♪
♪ Your cover's a grave ♪
♪ Defending only cemeteries ♪
♪ War. blood.
gore. dear God... ♪
Count backward from one.
♪ Menacing music ♪
Tattoo parlors really do
have everything I need.
And lucky for me.
Lowell brought everything else.
Harry thought my
trophies were disgusting.
He couldn't understand.
He wasn't like me.
Like us.
Fuck me.
You were right about one thing.
Tonight's the night. baby.
You're gonna fuck with
Prater's rules after day one.
Whoa. ballsy.
I'll take my chances.
This is usually the part
where people start screaming
and begging for their lives.
Yeah. well. I've been
on the other side
of this long enough to
know when it's inevitable.
Sorry to droop your chub.
Could you at least do me a
solid and knock me out first?
No.
Why do you keep the skins?
I like looking at 'em
when that pressure
starts building.
They...
calm me.
If I didn't have my skins.
I'd have killed
a lot more often.
Got sloppy. got caught.
Damn.
I'm gonna miss 'em.
I know how you feel.
♪ Haunting music ♪
That's why I'm going
back to basics.
That's your trophy?
Pretty lame
for someone who saws off heads.
There's one thing I couldn't
be honest about last night.
Is that right?
I'm not Ronald Schmidt.
I'm Dexter Morgan.
Who's that?
The Bay Harbor Butcher.
Fu...!
You... you...
You know. when I first
brought you home.
I never imagined we'd
be driving around
with a chopped-up
body in your trunk.
Yeah. I'm sorry we didn't have
the father-son relationship
you dreamed of.
How could we have?
You weren't like me.
So I had to stop worrying
about what I wanted
and focus on what you needed.
Looking back.
I wouldn't have
it any other way.
I see what you're doing
here. and you're right.
I'd rather have a relationship
with Harrison than...
the people at Prater's.
Then why don't you?
Because it's not
just my decision.
What if Harrison would
rather I stay dead?
I don't get scared. but that...
that scares the shit out of me.
Then do something about it.
Lowell. meet Red.
And let's talk about Lowell.
It'll be suspicious when he
doesn't show up at Prater's.
Being the new guy makes
you the natural suspect.
Uh. weren't you the one
who told me to kill Lowell?
I'll figure something out.
This is what I'm best at.
Yo. Lance.
What's good?
Did you sell me a stolen truck?
What? N-No.
It was my dad's.
Then why'd some
fedora-ass cop show up
at my place the other night?
I. uh...
I-I don't know.
Better figure it the fuck out.
He's right over there.
♪ Slow. ominous music ♪
How about a cup of coffee?
I'm guessing you
didn't come back
with more cute Miami stories.
I just heard about a
guest at your hotel.
You ever meet Ryan Foster?
Meet a lot of people at a hotel.
You might remember this one.
Came in one piece. left in nine.
Yeah. I saw that
guy on the news.
Funny thing is...
that's exactly the way the
Bay Harbor Butcher did it.
I really hope they
catch that guy.
I spoke to the lead on the
case. Detective Wallace.
She said the cleanup
of the suspected
murder site was impeccable.
Almost as if the
culprit was an expert.
Or learned from one.
That sounds crazy.
Less crazy if you know the son
of a notorious serial killer
was at the same
hotel that night.
I didn't mention
anything about you yet.
And I don't have to.
I'm just looking
for confirmation.
About Dexter.
I already told you.
I don't know what
you're talking about.
Honestly. that guy Ryan
sounded like a real asshole.
Good riddance.
Did your dad make it seem
like that's all he was doing?
Taking out the worst criminals?
Making the world a better place?
Like he was some
sort of Dark Avenger?
A lot of innocent people died
because of your dad.
People that I loved.
My ex-wife María
LaGuerta. your Aunt Deb.
your mother.
Sounds like you've gone down a
real conspiratorial rabbit hole.
Good luck getting out of it.
We're done here.
This is a dark path
you're going down.
I truly hope you don't
become like your dad.
♪ Pensive music ♪
Did your dad make it seem
like that's all he was doing?
Like he was some
sort of Dark Avenger?
A lot of innocent people
died because of your dad.
My ex-wife María
LaGuerta. your Aunt Deb.
your mother.
♪ Haunting music ♪
This is a dark path
you're going down.
You have reached
Detective Wallace.
Homicide Division.
I truly hope you don't
become like your dad.
First rule of the Code.
Don't get caught.
You have to turn yourself
in. There's no other way.
If I do. I get
the death penalty.
Maybe you deserve it.
No. no. no. no!
♪ Up-tempo. tense music ♪
Harrison. don't.
♪ Dramatic music ♪
Dad?
♪ Slow. haunting music ♪
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm